How To Play:

When the game is launched, it will prompt the player input in the following manner,"move (x,y) direction [distance]".
The "x,y" are the coordinates of the piece the player intends to move on the board. For exmaple, the top left space on the board has the 
coordinates (0,0). The "direction" is made up of 4 commands, "north", "south", "east", "west". The fox piece on the board is displayed as two pieces, a head, and a tail,
is able to move "north" and "south" or "east" and "west" depending on its ingame orientation. The cooridnates of either fox pices is sufficient to select the pice on the board.
The player is also able to set the distance that the fox piece travels. If the distance of travel for the fox pice is not specified, it will default to 1. 
The rabbit peice is able to travel in all directions given that it is jumping over a piece to do so. 
The player is not able to set the travel distance of a rabbit. Mushroom pieces are static and therefore not moveable.
A help command is available that reminds the player of the move command and the exit command.
The rabbit holes on the board are marked by "{}". The purpose of the game is to get all the rabbits into a rabbit hole.


Fox commands:

move x,y direction [distance] -moves fox piece in a direction for [distance] spaces
move x,y direction -moves fox piece in a direction for 1 space


Rabbit commands:

move x,y direction -moves rabbit piece in a direction given that another piece is around it


Invalid commands:

move direction [distance] -following error will be outputted "Invalid position (Incorrect formatting) for move command".
move direction -following error will be outputted "Invalid number or args for move command".
move [distance] -following error will be outputted "Invalid number or args for move command".
move x,y -following error will be outputted "Invalid number or args for move command".


Shortcut commands:

"north" --> "up"
"south" --> "down"
"west"  --> "left"
"east"  --> "right"

Illegal Moves:

If player attempts to move a space that does not have a piece, the following error will be outputed "There is no piece at the selected board index".
If player attempts to move a space that is not within the board coordinates, the following error will be outputted "There is no piece at the selected board index". 
If player attempts to move a piece outside the board, the following error will be outputted "[piece] cannot move [direction] off the board".
If player attempts to move a muchroom piece, the following error will be outputed "Mushroom is not allowed to travel [direction]".
If player attempts tp move a rabbit piece without another piece around it to jump over, the following error will be outputted "Illegal move for Rabbit".
If player attempts tp move a rabbit piece over another piece that is on the edge of the board, the following error will be outputted "Illegal move for Rabbit".
If player attempts tp move a rabbit piece and set a distance, the following error will be outputed "Illegal move for Rabbit".
If player attempts to move a fox piece into another piece, the followong error will be outputted "Illegal move for Fox".
If player attempts to move a fox piece in a direction against its orientation, the following error will be outoutted "Fox is not allowed to move [direction]".
